Congratulations, you've completed this lesson on business metrics.
You've learned wide range of business metrics used across a gamut of business functions,
including marketing, sales, growth, and finance.
You not only learn about how to calculate each of these metrics,
but have also gained a good understanding of how the business processes work.
This broad understanding of the business contexts will come in
very handy as you work in a business analyst role.
Based on the type of business function on which you focus your analysis,
you can now choose which key performance metrics
will help you answer important questions for your business.
You also know how to present your findings to your stakeholders through visualizations.
This will help them make sense of the data and make informed decisions based on the data.
Remember, if any of these topics caught your interests,
you should definitely explore these fields further.
We hope our short introduction to the wide range of
business metrics has inspired you to learn more.
Congratulations again.